so for even's marathon project, we started by reviewing the event timeline and confirming the marathon date is set for september 15th. maya said the city permit application is still pending but should be approved by next week. liam updated us on the sponsorship outreach—three local businesses have agreed to provide water stations and snacks, but we still need a main sponsor for the finish line. sophie brought up the volunteer recruitment status; we have 25 signed up but need at least 40 for race day. olivia suggested reaching out to the university's running club for more volunteers. lucas shared the latest on the route planning: the 10k loop is finalized, but the 5k needs a detour because of roadworks on main street. maya will check with the city about alternate routes. we discussed the registration website—liam said the payment gateway integration is almost done, but sophie reminded everyone to test the mobile version. there was a brief debate about t-shirt colors, with maya preferring blue and lucas voting for green; we decided to send a poll to all registered runners. olivia mentioned the need for a medical tent and first aid volunteers, so sophie will contact the local clinic. before wrapping up, we reviewed action items: maya to follow up on permits and route, liam to finish payment integration and draft sponsor emails, sophie to recruit more volunteers and contact the clinic, olivia to coordinate with the running club, and lucas to update the route map. we scheduled the next meeting for two weeks from today and agreed to send out a project update email to all stakeholders by friday. 