so for today's meeting, we have updates on three projects: even's marathon, nathan's web, and pj's database. let's start with even's marathon—the city permit application is still pending but should be approved by next week. and i've been working on the sponsorship outreach, three local businesses agreed to provide water stations. that's great, but we still need a main sponsor for the finish line. speaking of sponsors, i have an update on nathan's web project—the payment gateway integration is almost done. but megan noticed the text overlay on the homepage is hard to read on mobile. yeah, we need to increase the contrast and test with different font weights. back to even's marathon—sophie brought up volunteer recruitment, we have 25 signed up but need at least 40. i suggested reaching out to the university's running club for more volunteers. and for nathan's web, i'm fixing a bug where the post dates display in the wrong timezone. also, the contact form is getting spam, so i suggested adding a simple captcha. for pj's database, i'm working on optimizing the queries for the analytics dashboard. and i found a bug where duplicate records appear after batch imports. i'll implement a unique constraint for that. for even's marathon, the 10k loop is finalized, but the 5k needs a detour because of roadworks. maya will check with the city about alternate routes. and for nathan's web, most users liked the new navigation bar, but a few found the dropdown menus confusing. lucas proposed adding icons to the dropdowns for clarity. for pj's database, i'm testing different index strategies to speed up report generation. and i'll coordinate with devops to enable encryption at rest. there was a brief debate about t-shirt colors for even's marathon—maya prefers blue, lucas votes for green. we decided to send a poll to all registered runners. for nathan's web, megan wants to add a timeline of project milestones to the about page. and i'll draft the content for that. for pj's database, some analysts have more access than they should, so megan will review the current roles. and i want to automate nightly backups. i'll test the restore process this week. for even's marathon, olivia mentioned the need for a medical tent and first aid volunteers. sophie will contact the local clinic. for nathan's web, i'm working on the rss feed integration. and for pj's database, i'll write scripts to validate data integrity before and after migration. i'll prepare a rollback plan in case anything goes wrong. we also need better monitoring for pj's database—i suggest setting up alerts for slow queries. i'll look into integrating with the team's slack channel. for even's marathon, we need to test the mobile version of the registration website. and for nathan's web, we should prioritize query optimization and add csv export to the backlog. so let's review action items: for even's marathon, maya to follow up on permits and route, liam to finish payment integration. for nathan's web, alex to tweak the hero text and review navigation icons, megan to finish rss and start the timeline. for pj's database, alex to finalize schema and review constraints, megan to optimize queries and set up backups. and we scheduled follow-up meetings for all three projects next week. finally, we joked about how many times we've rewritten pj's database and promised to bring snacks to the next meeting. 